docs(plugins): note side-effect when using `await` in `fastify.register()` (#4846)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Plugins.md

await fastify.listen({ port: 3000 })
```
*Note: Using await when registering a plugin finalizes the encapsulation 
process, so any mutations to the instance after the plugin has been awaited will
not be reflected in the parent instance. 

> See: [Issue #3863](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/3863#issuecomment-1114132490)*

Reviewer: We should not reference issues. The documentation should be "self contained" and complete, so that following links is not necessary to understand the information.

```suggestion
```

> *Note: Using await when registering a plugin finalizes the encapsulation 
> process, so any mutations to the instance after the plugin has been awaited will
> not be reflected in the parent instance. 
> See: [Issue #3863](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/3863#issuecomment-1114132490)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note: Using `await` when registering a plugin loads the plugin
and the underlying dependency tree, "finalizing" the encapsulation process.
Any mutations to the plugin after it and its dependencies have been
loaded will not be reflected in the parent instance.*
```
